When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  	A remote repository would allow you to collaborate with others.  It would be very difficult to share and keep version control over a local copy.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository

	In general, the purpose of a repository is to share code.  You would want to manually pull changes so you can control the code baseline.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?
	
	  Forks are Github clones of Github repositories.  Clones can be from Github to a local repository or local repository to local repository.  Branches are a completely different concept - they branch from a commit history so code can be changed without altering the code baseline.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	The benefit really comes with a collaboration.  This allows you to work on the last known state of the remote commit.  Now you have a common baseline from which to make changes with collaborators.  It acts as a placeholder.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What be easier, and what would be harder?

	Collaboration without version control software would be exceedingly difficult.  I would probably use master copies and backups to coordinate changes to computer code.  This would likely result in different developers working on different objects and then synthesizing those changes.  For other types of work, I would probably use Google Docs.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

	You want to make changes in a separate branch when you are testing something new or want changes reviewed prior to updating the master.  This is especially important in collaborative efforts where many people might be making changes that should be deconflicted prior to updating the code baseline.